An unknown intelligence
Who would want something of unknown origin?
Hurry up and bring the divine pill to the next auction.
This junk that's not even bronze
You are so embarrassed to take this Skylark Sky out for auction
That's it, this crap
How could someone like a beast possibly have eyes on you?
People don't know treasures in Baoshan
A group of mortals with naked eyes
What do I want for 20,000?
Hahahaha
Zhang Shoucheng, are you really pretending to be tough enough?
20,000 you take it out?
A piece of junk is a treasure
What about this inferior person?
It's just inferior people, hahaha.
To buy a counterfeit that wasn't even bronze
You are so short-sighted and you also give me well products
Mr. Zhang
This ancient bronze tree is just the color of bronze
But it actually has no collectible value.
If you continue to call me that
I'm afraid it will be lost
Can't catch
They can't feel the breath of the Bodhi tree
What does nature mean?
Later he will be immersed in light
Illuminate the mountains and rivers
Don't be greedy
I want twenty thousand
We eye zen
Eye Zen, did you spend money on a junk?
A piece of junk
Only stupid people would pay for it.
Hahaha look
Give it to him
20,000
20,000 twice
20,000 three times
Congratulations to Mr. Zhang for getting this ancient bronze tree.
Hahahaha
Boy, what do you mean by immersion?
Why is your bronze spell not moving?
This trash is clearly gibberish
Eight, kick this fool out for me
Body is a Bodhi tree
Heart like a mirror
Sink in with one move
Call the heavens to come
This paulownia tree has really sprouted